Clarify `ShopifyApp::Authenticated` usage in docs (#1501)
Shopify/shopify_app: docs/Troubleshooting.md

Then, use the [Shopify App Bridge Redirect](https://shopify.dev/tools/app-bridge/actions/navigation/redirect) action to redirect your app frontend to the app login URL if this header is set.

### I'm stuck in a redirect loop after OAuth

> In previous versions of `ShopifyApp::Authenticated` controller concern and App Bridge embededd apps were able to include the `Authenticated` controller concern in the `HomeController` and other embeded controllers. This is no longer supported due to security concerns with third party cookies. App Bridge 3 is needed to handle all embeded sessions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In previous versions of `ShopifyApp::Authenticated` controller concern, App Bridge embedded apps were able to include the `Authenticated` controller concern in the `HomeController` and other embedded controllers. This is no longer supported due to browsers blocking 3rd party cookies to increase privacy. App Bridge 3 is needed to handle all embedded sessions.
```
(includes Paulo's suggested change)
